Lin Yi, are you really looking for me? Fan Yang is easy to bully?
Just you and the shopkeeper on the ninth floor of Xiaopao
Is it worth talking to me about cooperation?
I'll tell you, Fan Yang
If you insist on kicking me out today
Tomorrow you will definitely cry and beg me to come back
Get out of here!
Hey, hey, hey.
How is Nie'er Lin Yi's movement?
It will be a good thing.
After I saw Lin Yi meet Fan Yangjia
The two of them don't know what to say.
It started to fight
There is such a thing
Are you sure it's real?
It's a real fight
The head that Fan Yang gave to Li Yi is bleeding profusely
As long as they have conflicts
That's a good thing
Hahahaha
This lady
I've already packed this luggage for you.
Why don't you go back first?
What is it? What happened?
I'm going to enter the market on Gangnam Road
I'm afraid this Li Rongfa is a little bad for you
So
Lord Wang from Yizhou told us
Can also protect you
that
Then be careful
Don't worry.
I'll take you back now
Let's start overnight
Shopkeeper Lin, thank you.
This is my restaurant
What do you think?
This looks a bit old
Otherwise, it's no problem to be cheaper.
Tell the truth
I've long seen that Li Rong's hair displeasing to the eye
If you go against that bastard
I firmly support you